I want you to take a look at the the cell properties image that i have attached here. I want to use the P45B cells. Now one thing that I want to do is use the openExample("simscapebattery/BatteryCCCVExample") in matlab simulink. This uses the Battery CC-CV block to control a current source to act as a source and a load. Here it can show a charging cycle and discharge cycle. You can see how the charger starts in CC mode and then switchs to CV smoothly once the battery reaches the proper voltage. Now the thing is I want this to work with my custom battery. I want to be able to use the Battery CC-CV block and charge and discharge the custom battery. The thing is I dont think I can get the Ki, and Kp values correct. I also need to know how to setup the battery in the battery builder to have the correct parameters that will allow me to simulate the proper curves and switch (I think its a RC battery characteristics or something) I want you to create a Xs Xp battery with the Battery Builder that allows for cell variation and whatever you need to get this working. Then simulate the same example we should get a realistic graph. Once you verify how to calculate all the values needed I want you to explain to me in documenation how to do it with those P45B cells in any configuration. You should also output 1 .slx file that i can open and import my battery into that has the example blocks and values set for the variables that i can adjust to my battery and then just click the run button and it will work. We dont need any thermal infomration. It would also be nice to build in a script that runs at startup when you open the one file that opens a matlab script which makes sure all your path stuff is added and also can maybe add battery variance (or maybe thats something you run later in a different script that also opens that you can run later once you get your battery imported.) this should be as easy to use a possible and should replicate the same outputs as the example one but with our custom battery which you can make. The only things that should be in this folder once you are finished is maybe matlab file and or a simulink or simscape file and then if you want you can leave the correctly generated battery library you did with the battery builder app.
